Tickets/preops 3218 (#30)
lsst/rtn-011: intro.tex

\begin{itemize}
\item \textbf{Scenario A}:
Rubin Observatory is ready to execute the LSST at the completion of the construction project. 

> The Operations team would first conduct a \textit{full dress rehearsal} of science operations to demonstrate team readiness to execute the 10-year survey before proceeding to start execution of the LSST.

Author: I have changed the words to "may decide to do"

\item \textbf{Scenario B}:
Prior to commencing the 10-year LSST, the Operations team decides to spend up to a maximum of 2 months collecting more on-sky data to complement and extend the datasets collected during commissioning. 
This additional data would serve the dual goals of 1) ensuring that we are fully prepared to start the 10-year survey and 2) providing the community with an exquisite early dataset to work with before DR1. 

As per Scenario A, a \textit{full dress rehearsal} of science operations is carried out to demonstrate team readiness and all data collected during commissioning together with the additional data collected prior to starting the LSST is reprocessed to produce DP2.
\end{itemize}

In both scenarios it is assumed that the Rubin Construction project delivers an integrated system that can capture, transfer and process science-grade data at the time Operations begins.
Both scenarios will include alert generation of some type, with the major distinction being the relative availability of templates in time, sky position, and filter.

> The First Light observations that form the basis of DP1 must be taken and analysed in order to declare construction completeness, meaning that DP1 is identical in each scenario.

Reviewer: DP1 data are necessary but not sufficient to declare completeness. Suggest:

The First Light observations that form the basis of DP1 must be taken and analysed in order to support construction completeness, meaning that DP1 is identical in each scenario.

\begin{itemize}
\item \textbf{Scenario A}:
The full commissioning plan comprising system optimization and science validation is successfully executed as planned. 
Rubin Operations then carries out an Operations Rehearsal and Operations Readiness Review (ORR) to effectively conduct a \textit{full dress rehearsal} of science operations and demonstrate the readiness of the Operations team to execute the 10-year survey. 

> Science-grade data collected during the commissioning System Optimization period and subsequent Science Validation Surveys, \S~\ref{sec:commissioning}, is reprocessed to produce the final Data Preview, DP2, which will be released 6 months following the completion of the Science Validation Surveys.

Reviewer 2: Good to streamline A and B by removing common text about DP2 processing.

> We expect this to take a few days to no longer than two weeks. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this scenario, we expect this rehearsal to take a few days to no longer than two weeks. 
```

\item \textbf{Scenario B}:

> Prior to commencing the 10-year LSST, the operations team decides to spend up to a maximum of 2 months collecting more on-sky data to complement and extend the datasets collected during commissioning. 

Author: I'm nervous about this phrasing "Depending on the state of the as-built observatory system handed over at ORR" - it sort of implies that the as-built system handed over at ORR might not be ready to start the LSST survey. This is the sort of implication that the rewording is trying to avoid by simply stating that we might decide to collect more data prior to starting the survey for the 2 reasons stated.

> Prior to commencing the 10-year LSST, the operations team decides to spend up to a maximum of 2 months collecting more on-sky data to complement and extend the datasets collected during commissioning. 

Reviewer 3: I tend to agree with Leanne's suggestion here of a more general phrasing. There might be compelling scientific motivation that would enable more and higher impact early science by taking additional data prior to the start of normal 10-year LSST.

> Prior to commencing the 10-year LSST, the operations team decides to spend up to a maximum of 2 months collecting more on-sky data to complement and extend the datasets collected during commissioning. 

Reviewer 2: After I made the suggestion I ran this text past Victor and @smr456 , but have not heard back yet. You can go with the more ambiguous text if you prefer, no problem - for this document I think what you had is fine.

> Prior to commencing the 10-year LSST, the operations team decides to spend up to a maximum of 2 months collecting more on-sky data to complement and extend the datasets collected during commissioning. 

Author: Thanks Phil (note I hd reviewed this text with Bob before he left on vacation). I would rather remain ambiguous at this time - we retain greater flexibility this way.

This additional data would serve the dual goals of 1) ensuring that we are fully prepared to start the 10-year survey and 2) providing the community with an exquisite early dataset to work with before DR1. 

> As per Scenario A, the operations team may decide to first conduct a \textit{full dress rehearsal} of science operations to demonstrate team readiness prior to commencing execution of the LSST. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In parallel, and as in Scenario A, the operations team may decide to first conduct a \textit{full dress rehearsal} of science operations to demonstrate team readiness prior to commencing execution of the LSST. 
```

Reviewer 2: This is for discussion. In scenario B, where the state of the as-built system leads us to spend more time on sky before starting the LSST, could we do the "full dress rehearsal of science operations [to] demonstrate the readiness of the Operations team to execute the 10-year survey" at the same time as taking those additional post-commissioning observations?

Reviewer 2: Are you still unsure about this, after the ops exec discussion of how _surely_ in scenario B we would spend some of the pre-survey observing time in science operations dress rehearsal mode (as opposed to first completing the DP2 observations and then spending even more nights doing a survey rehearsal...) If you really don't want to commit to "in parallel" then feel free to decline this suggestion but I would think implying that the dress rehearsal would _further delay_ the start of the LSST would be more problematic.

Author: I think we converged on not committing to "in parallel" at this time

\end{itemize}
As the survey begins, all science-grade data collected during the commissioning System Optimization period and subsequent Science Validation Surveys, \S~\ref{sec:commissioning}, is reprocessed to produce the final Data Preview, DP2, which will be released 6 months following the completion of the Science Validation Surveys.

In both scenarios it is assumed that the Rubin Construction project delivers an integrated system that can capture, transfer and process science-grade data at the time operations begins.
Both scenarios will include alert generation of some type, with the major distinction being the relative availability of templates in time, sky position, and filter. 

> The First Light observations that form the basis of DP1 must be taken and analysed in order to support construction completeness, meaning that DP1 is identical in each scenario.

Reviewer 3: "System First Light" for consistency?
